Please clarify the correct way to autoload Commands added by modules (#1278)
PrestaShop/docs: faq/modules.md

---
title: Modules FAQ
---

# Modules FAQ

[module-commands]: {{< ref "/1.7/modules/concepts/commands" >}}

> **Q:** How do i add a command to an existing module, with autoloading?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q:** How do I add a command to an existing module with autoloading?
```

> **A:** [In the modules section of the documentation, about module commands][module-commands], the instructions are assuming the module is installed via composer. In case you follow the same procedure but wish to add the command in your already existing module in `modules/<module_directory>` then the procedure requires an extra step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** [In the modules section of the documentation, about module commands][module-commands], the instructions assume the module is installed via Composer. If you follow the same procedure but wish to add the command in your existing module in `modules/<module_directory>`, then the procedure requires an extra step. 
```

> For example with a structure like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with a structure like this:
```

```tree
modules/module_directory/
├── config
│   └── services.yml
├── config.xml
├── module_directory.php
├── src
│   └── Command
│       └── SyncCommand.php
```

> You would also need to namespace your src directory in `composer.json` located in the base directory of your project, by appending the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You would also need to namespace your `src` directory in `composer.json` located in the base directory of your project, by appending the following:
```

```
    "autoload": {
        "psr-4": {
            "PrestaShop\\PrestaShop\\": "src/",
            "PrestaShopBundle\\": "src/PrestaShopBundle/",
            "Vendor\\Module\\": "modules/module_directory/src/"
        },
        "classmap": [
            "app/AppKernel.php",
            "app/AppCache.php"
        ]
    },
```

> And follow through using the correct namespaces throught your module commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And follow through using the correct namespaces throughout your module commands. 
```

> **Predefined Constants**: If you would like to use existing PS constants like `_DB_PREFIX_` you also need to require the file `config/config.inc.php` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Predefined Constants**: If you would like to use existing PS constants like `_DB_PREFIX_`, you also need to require the file `config/config.inc.php`. 
```

e.g. 

```php
$basePath = realpath(__DIR__ . '/../../../../');
require_once $basePath . '/config/config.inc.php';
```

> **Loading Module Classes**: Commands by default won't have module classes loaded. You need to explicitly require the modules before you can use their classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Loading Module Classes**: Commands, by default, won't have module classes loaded. You must require the module's main file before using their classes.
```
